- This design.jpg doesn't actually mean anything right now, but was just a visualisation of the idea i had in my mind in the initial stages and helped build the initial UI layout. Now it doesn't need to be followed and most of the dialogs and new pages were built without it's guidance. It's just a part of the devlopmental history of this program.
- Fun Fact: (It was created in kolourpaint as i couldn't find a really easy to use and minimal alternative of paint on linux so i used it and it was too minimal, but it did help maing this design. Also, the placeholder images in assets folder were created using this)
- I had used coolors.co for generating the color pallete for the primary scheme and the dark scheme i had generated using AI.
- The idea of this project was from my personal experience of journaling and using joplin and when i wanted to save stuff like images, location i visited, voice recording etc. it was really hard so i thought that doing this project i could learn dart and flutter.
- This code doesnt haave the contribution of anyone except me (at the time of writing this) and all the ideas and structures and designs are made by me.

### The new AppIcon
- The current AppIcon that the app uses was not the original icon that was implemented. The icon in this misc folder was the original appIcon used in most of the devlopment phase that i made using the first AI logo generator that came up. I used that logo and had implemented it (not as adaptive) after a lot of trouble and frustration because there was so much confusion. Anyways so when I was devloping the homepage of the App I realised that I has put so much effort into this app and using an AI-generated icon just felt wrong. So i took an image of my actual physical diary with some stuff, edited it using Picsart to put the "JounalMax title", some effects and then used lightroom to make the final icon. Also, I spent almost an entire afternoon just downloading android studio, letting it just install a ton of stuff just so i could use the Image Asset option to create at last an adaptive icon. And thus, the current icon was implemented. The icon turned out really good and i was proud of myslef for removing the only part of the project that was AI generated.

### Dropped Feature -> Sync Page
- In the initial idea of the app, and till very late in the devlopment process, the app was supossed to have a sync page which would use the implemented import/export features along with the google drive API to allow the user to sign-in with their google account and allow the app to access their google drive to sync their data. Infact, if you see the commits, you can see even most of the UI and configuration for it was also built.
- However, when it was time to actually implement it, i found out that in order to implement it, i need to make a google cloud console project and link it to this app. However, i made this app to just be a minimalist journaling app that did all the work locally. Other than that, i also did not want to maintain or configure a google cloud project and also put the keys to it in the app and then publish it. I would've had to always maintain the cloud and I didnt want that as I want to just learn simple App devlopment.
- So, I dropped the feature. However, any one can also just simply export the app as a folder and then upload to google drive manually. It's the same thing and probably won't take more than a minute after exporting.